Blog Post: Vasil Dimov LTS (#154)
OpenSats/website: data/blog/vasil-dimov-receives-lts-grant.mdx

---
title: "Long-Term Support For Vasil Dimov"
date: '2023-10-16'
tags: ['OpenSats', 'grants', 'bitcoin', 'LTS']
draft: false
authors: ['dergigi']
images: ['/static/images/blog/10-vasil.jpg']
summary: "OpenSats Welcomes Vasil Dimov as an LTS Grantee."
---

We are pleased to add Vasil Dimov to the list of OpenSats LTS grantees. Vasil is
receiving long-term support for his ongoing contributions to Bitcoin Core.

Vasil started contributing full-time to Bitcoin Core in 2020. Since then, he has
worked on various improvements, focusing mostly on the networking layer of the
software. In the last couple of years, he has worked on adding [Tor v3
support](https://github.com/bitcoin/bitcoin/issues/18884), as well as adding
support for [I2P](https://github.com/bitcoin/bitcoin/pull/20685) and

> [CJDNS](https://github.com/bitcoin/bitcoin/pull/23077). His [merged
> PRs](https://github.com/bitcoin/bitcoin/pulls?q=is%3Apr+author%3Avasild+is%3Aclosed+sort%3Aupdated-desc)

Reviewer: Maybe also mention review (it is at least as important as own PRs) and include not yet merged PRs in own PRs list:

```suggestion
[CJDNS](https://github.com/bitcoin/bitcoin/pull/23077). His [review](https://github.com/bitcoin/bitcoin/pulls?q=commenter%3Avasild+-author%3Avasild) and [PRs](https://github.com/bitcoin/bitcoin/pulls?q=is%3Apr+author%3Avasild)
```

are a testament to his determination to improve P2P networking and privacy all
around.

As a seasoned and prolific developer, his contributions go beyond Bitcoin Core.
His past work includes contributions to
[c-lightning](https://github.com/ElementsProject/lightning/commits?author=vasild),
as well as multiple bug fixes to various high-class projects such as git,
OpenSSL, Xorg, wget, and others. You can find a full list of his contributions
on his
[website](https://people.freebsd.org/~vd/cv/_/vdcv.html#open_source_contribution_others).

In addition to the various "mini projects" he is working on inside Core, he will
continue to review pull requests. "I think it is equally important or even more

> important to do review rather than coding," he mentioned to us. "If a PR needs 4
> ACKs to get merged (on average) it means that I have to review 4 PRs for each PR
> I have opened myself."

Reviewer: Not sure if somebody from the wider public may read that 4 literally (even though it says "on average").

```suggestion
important to do review rather than coding," he mentioned to us. "Every PR needs multiple
ACKs to get merged, so it means that I have to review multiple PRs for each PR
I have opened myself."
```
